Go first. It’s not me that the flowers offend,
This is Miss, this is Miss,
Yes, there are thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands of God’s family.
Thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands
Thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands
There is often some mold rubbing
I promise you will pass it
That’s all for today
Friendly
That's inevitable
please listen